CS 2336 Term Project: Payroll System
Victor Nguyen

This payroll system allows the user to input data into a program that organizes employee and manager data. 
The information is then written to a file to be saved. 
The file, instead of being overwritten, will be appended with a date to be more user friendly. 
The purpose of this project is to allow a manager to save wage information of each employee without overwriting the output file.
Therefore, the user can continue appending information into the file for future use.

The program will create objects of employees and a manager. 
Both of the employee and manager classes inherit from an abstract class called abstractPerson, 
since employees and managers maintain an "is a" relationship with the abstractPerson class. 
In short, this relationship describes inheritance. This abstract class will also implement the Person interface. 
Therefore, this program utilizes five java files.

The abstractPerson class is an example of aggregation since a person has an ID, a birthdate, the hourly pay, the work hours, 
and the total pay, but the actual implementation requires either an employee or manager. 
In short, the abstractPerson class maintains a proper "has a" relationship. 
Additionally, this class is abstract because there should not be an instance created from this class. 
The same concept applies for the Person interface. The interface and abstract class are meant to provide the methods 
and data fields for employees and manager. Those classes are meant to be instantiated.

The abstractPerson and Manager classes are examples of encapsulation since these classes contain data fields and methods 
that work as a single object. As a result, the employee and manager objects can access their data fields and methods with the dot operator. 
Furthermore, only the manager class has the overtime pay option.

This payroll system will have exception handling. In other words, it will check for invalid input and input mismatch
by utilizing try/catch blocks. Additionally, there will be while loops and do-while loops to allow the user to fix their input.

In regards to file operations, the user will save the data he or she inputted into the system by writing out to a file. 
The output file will contain all of the objects that the user has created. Also, a date is also written into the file
for detailed organization.

Additionally, this program includes generic types to help debug the source code. 
Namely, a generic array list is used to hold all three employee objects. 
This system utilizes a generic array list for input and output.
